Improve App start docs (#4773)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/mobile-vitals.mdx

App start metrics track how long your mobile application takes to launch. For this, Sentry measures *cold starts* and *warm starts*.

> The definition of **Cold Start** and **Warm Start** slighly changes depending on the Operation System, check the [Android](/platforms/android/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#app-start-instrumentation) and [iOS](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#app-start-instrumentation) docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The definitions of cold start and warm start change slightly depending on the operating system. For definitions by operating system, check out the [Android](/platforms/android/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#app-start-instrumentation) and [iOS](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#app-start-instrumentation) docs.
```
